GQI Extensions - How to add or modify links to DataMiner objects (using metadata) (#2303)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/GQI/Extensions/Ad_hoc_data/Ad_hoc_Metadata.md

---
uid: Ad_hoc_Metadata
---

# Linking rows to DataMiner objects

> Just like the built-in data sources, you can link the rows of your ad hoc data source to specific DataMiner objects. This will allow you to feed these objects in the Dashboards and Low-Code Apps to other components.

Reviewer: Was a bit confused by 'Just like the built-in data sources', it sounded like its expected from me (as user) to know how that's done. Might be clearer to first explain that certain built in data sources contain metadata to map the row on a DataMiner object + why you should do that (feeds).

---
uid: Ad_hoc_Metadata
---

# Linking rows to DataMiner objects

GQI allows query rows to be linked to certain DataMiner objects. This is achieved via metadata that informs the Dashboards and Low-Code Apps of what a row represents. The metadata can then be used to feed these DataMiner objects from one component to another.

> Just like the rows from built-in data sources, you can now also add this metadata to the rows of your ad hoc data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From DataMiner 10.4.1/10.5.0 onwards, you can also add this metadata to the rows of your ad hoc data source
```

Author: Done.

# Linking rows to DataMiner objects

> Just like the rows from built-in data sources can contain metadata that allow you to feed certain DataMiner objects in your Dashboards and Low-Code Apps, so too can you link the rows of your ad hoc data source to these DataMiner objects.

Author: Done.
